image,caption
scissor.jpeg, There is a pair of scissors.
scissor.jpeg, Scissors is blue in color.
scissor.jpeg, A blue scissors is lying ahead.
scissor.jpeg, The blue scissors is in closed position.
scissor.jpeg, The blue scissors is kept closed.
mansciss.jpeg, A man is holding scissors.
mansciss.jpeg, A man is standing and holding scissors.
mansciss.jpeg, A man in beard is standing and holding black scissors.
mansciss.jpeg, A man in white shirt is standing and holding black scissors.
mansciss.jpeg, A man  in white shirt  is smiling and having scissors in his hands.
ladysciss.jpeg, A lady in sari is holding scissors.
ladysciss.jpeg, A lady in orange sari is holding a metallic scissors.
ladysciss.jpeg, A woman in sari is holding scissors in her hands.
ladysciss.jpeg, A woman in sari is holding  metallic scissors in her hands.
ladysciss.jpeg, A woman is having scissors in her hands.
girlsciss.jpeg, A young girl in black shirt is holding scissors.
girlsciss.jpeg, A woman with long hair in black shirt is holding metallic scissors.
girlsciss.jpeg, A woman is holding scissors.
girlsciss.jpeg, A woman is holding scissors.
girlsciss.jpeg, A woman  with brown hair is holding scissors.
download.jpeg, A bunch of scissors is kept ahead.
download.jpeg, A bunch of scissors with plastic body and metallic head is kept ahead.
download.jpeg, A bunch of scissors in black and white color is lying ahead.
download.jpeg, There are some black scissors lying ahead.
download.jpeg, There are some white scissors lying ahead.
cuttingwithscissors.jpeg, A young boy is holding scissors.
cuttingwithscissors.jpeg, A young boy is holding scissors and cutting a paper.
cuttingwithscissors.jpeg, A young boy is holding blue scissors and cutting a pink paper.
cuttingwithscissors.jpeg, A young boy is using blue scissors to cut a paper.
cuttingwithscissors.jpeg, A young boy in purple shirt is holding scissors and cutting a paper.
knife.jpeg, There is a black knife.
knife.jpeg, There is a  knife with black color blunt edge.
knife.jpeg, There is a a knife with holes in its body.
knife.jpeg, There is a knife with blunt edge.
knife.jpeg, There is a grey knife with black body.
gettyimages-638971383-612x612.jpg,  A man is eating with knife and fork.
gettyimages-638971383-612x612.jpg,  A man in blue jacket and purple shirt is eating food with knife and fork.
gettyimages-638971383-612x612.jpg,  A man with beard is using knife and fork to eat his food.
gettyimages-638971383-612x612.jpg,  A man with beard is using  with grey knife and fork.
gettyimages-638971383-612x612.jpg,  A man is eating with  grey knife and fork.
knifeset.jpeg, There are many knives and scissors kept in a box.
knifeset.jpeg, Some wooden boxes contain many knives and scissors.
knifeset.jpeg, The knives and scissors are black in color.
knifeset.jpeg, All the boxes of knives and scissors are kept on on a surface.
knifeset.jpeg, There are some  wooden boxes of black knives and scissors kept on a black surface.
greenmanknife.jpeg, An old man is holding a knife.
greenmanknife.jpeg, An man in green shirt is holding a knife.
greenmanknife.jpeg, An man is holding a knife and looking towards it.
greenmanknife.jpeg, An old man in green shirt is holding a knife and sitting.
greenmanknife.jpeg, An old man is sitting and holding a knife and seeing it.
images.jpeg, A man is holding a knife.
images.jpeg, A man is holding a knife with black body.
images.jpeg, A man in white costume and white hat is holding a knife.
images.jpeg, A man is holding a knife close to his forehead.
images.jpeg, A man in white costume and white hat is holding a knife close to his head.
knifepeople.jpeg, People sharpening knives together in a class.
knifepeople.jpeg, Group of people learning to sharpen knives.
knifepeople.jpeg,Knife sharpening workshop in progress.
knifepeople.jpeg,Participants practicing knife sharpening.
knifepeople.jpeg,Class of students focused on sharpening knives.
kitchenknife.jpeg,A set of kitchen knives on a wooden board.
kitchenknife.jpeg,Different types of knives laid out for cooking.
kitchenknife.jpeg,Six knives arranged neatly on a cutting board.
kitchenknife.jpeg,Kitchen knives ready for use.
kitchenknife.jpeg,Various knives displayed on a wooden surface.
ladyknife.jpeg, Woman chopping vegetables with a knife and using a tablet
ladyknife.jpeg,Cooking with a knife and following a tablet recipe.
ladyknife.jpeg,Using a knife to prepare vegetables while checking a tablet.
ladyknife.jpeg,Chopping veggies with a knife and looking at a recipe.
ladyknife.jpeg,Woman holding a knife while cooking and using a tablet.
girlknife.jpeg,A woman in blue dress and red apron is cooking food and holding a knife.
girlknife.jpeg,A woman in blue dress and red apron is cooking vegetables and holding a knife.
girlknife.jpeg,A woman is cooking food and holding a knife.
girlknife.jpeg,A woman is holding a kitchen knife.
girlknife.jpeg,A woman in blue dress and red apron is cooking food.