image,captions
girlpen-min.jpeg, Taking handwritten notes while working.
girlpen-min.jpeg,Pen in hand, capturing key ideas.
girlpen-min.jpeg, Jotting down thoughts with a pen during work.
girlpen-min.jpeg, Focusing on details with pen and paper.
girlpen-min.jpeg,Writing down important notes with a pen.
kidpen-min.jpeg, A kid with pen and paper.
kidpen-min.jpeg,A young boy is writing on paper with pen.
kidpen-min.jpeg,A kid is using pen.
kidpen-min.jpeg,A kid is studying and writing with pen.
kidpen-min.jpeg,A boy is writing on paper.
ladpen-min.jpeg, A man in blue shirt is holding a pen.
ladpen-min.jpeg, A man in blue shirt is holding a pen and paper.
ladpen-min.jpeg, A man is holding a pen in his hand and speaking.
ladpen-min.jpeg, A man in blue shirt is speaking and holding a pen and paper.
ladpen-min.jpeg, A man in shirt is speaking with a pen in his hand.
manpen-min.jpeg, A man with spectacles is writing with a pen.
manpen-min.jpeg, There is a table on which a cup and book is kept.
manpen-min.jpeg, A man in shirt is studying with a pen and book.
manpen-min.jpeg,A green cup is kept on table.
manpen-min.jpeg, A pile of books are kept on table.
pens-min.jpeg, There are three pens.
pens-min.jpeg,There are 2 blue pens and 1 white pen.
pens-min.jpeg,Pens.
pens-min.jpeg,Some pens are lying.
pens-min.jpeg,Pens lying on a surface.
penstand-min.jpeg,A bunch of pens.
penstand-min.jpeg,Many pens kept in a penstand.
penstand-min.jpeg,A white penstand.
penstand-min.jpeg,Four pens kept in penstand.
penstand-min.jpeg, A penstand kept on white surface.
mugman-min.jpeg,Man drinking from a mug
mugman-min.jpeg,Person sipping coffee.
mugman-min.jpeg,Man wearing glasses with a cup.
mugman-min.jpeg,Coffee drinker in green shirt
mugman-min.jpeg,Man holding a red and white mug
mugpeople-min.jpeg,Four people holding mugs together.
mugpeople-min.jpeg,Group of friends with raised mugs.
mugpeople-min.jpeg,People holding mugs at a table.
mugpeople-min.jpeg,Four people touching mugs.
mugpeople-min.jpeg,Group of four with mugs in hand.
mugwoman-min.jpeg,Smiling woman with a mug.
mugwoman-min.jpeg,Woman holding a colorful mug.
mugwoman-min.jpeg,Happy woman with a drink.
mugwoman-min.jpeg,Woman enjoying her beverage.
mugwoman-min.jpeg,Relaxed woman holding a mug.
bottles-min.jpeg,Five colorful bottles
bottles-min.jpeg,Venice brand bottles.
bottles-min.jpeg,Bottles in different colors.
bottles-min.jpeg,Colorful plastic bottles.
bottles-min.jpeg,Five bottles lined up.
drinkgirl-min.jpeg,Woman drinking water.
drinkgirl-min.jpeg,Woman with a water bottle.
drinkgirl-min.jpeg,Thirsty woman drinking.
drinkgirl-min.jpeg,Woman taking a drink.
drinkgirl-min.jpeg,Hydrating with water.
manwithbucket-min.jpeg, Man holding a bucket .
manwithbucket-min.jpeg, The bucket has  many bottles.
manwithbucket-min.jpeg, A man in yellow shirt holding a bucket.
manwithbucket-min.jpeg, A man in yellow shirt holding a bucket filled with bottles.
manwithbucket-min.jpeg, A man is smiling and holding a bucket of bottles.
ladybucket-min.jpeg, A lady in red shirt and blue jeans is holding two buckets.
ladybucket-min.jpeg,A woman is holding buckets.
ladybucket-min.jpeg,A lady is holding a blue and a yellow bucket.
ladybucket-min.jpeg,A lady in red shirt, blue jeans and black shoes is holding buckets.
ladybucket-min.jpeg,A lady with brown hair holding buckets.

