image, caption
woodenchair.jpg, There is a wooden chair.
woodenchair.jpg, The wooden chair is brown in colour.
woodenchair.jpg, The chair is made out of wood.
woodenchair.jpg, There is a brown wooden chair.
woodenchair.jpg, The chair is brown and made out of wood.
woodenchairboy.jpg, There is a boy sitting on a chair.
woodenchairboy.jpg, There is a boy sitting on a brown wooden chair.
woodenchairboy.jpg, The wooden chair has a young boy sitting on it.
woodenchairboy.jpg, A young boy is sitting on a wooden chair.
woodenchairboy.jpg, A boy is sitting on a brown wooden chair.
woodenchairgirl.jpg, There is a girl sitting on a chair.
woodenchairgirl.jpg, There is a young girl sitting on a wooden chair.
woodenchairgirl.jpg, The girl sitting on a brown wooden chair is young.
woodenchairgirl.jpg, The young girl is sitting on a brown chair.
woodenchairgirl.jpg, The girl is sitting on a brown wooden chair.
woodenchairman.jpg, There is a man sitting on a chair.
woodenchairman.jpg, There is a man sitting on a wooden chair.
woodenchairman.jpg, The color of the chair that the man is sitting on is brown.
woodenchairman.jpg, The chair that the man is sitting on is made out of wood.
woodenchairman.jpg, There is a man sitting on a brown wooden chair.
woodenchairman2.jpg, There is a man sitting on a chair.
woodenchairman2.jpg, There is a man sitting on a wooden chair.
woodenchairman2.jpg, The color of the chair that the man is sitting on is brown.
woodenchairman2.jpg, The chair that the man is sitting on is made out of wood.
woodenchairman2.jpg, There is a man sitting on a brown wooden chair.
woodenchairoldman.jpg, There is an old man sitting on a chair.
woodenchairoldman.jpg, There is an old man sitting on a wooden chair.
woodenchairoldman.jpg, The color of the chair that the old man is sitting on is brown.
woodenchairoldman.jpg, The chair that the old man is sitting on is made out of wood.
woodenchairoldman.jpg, The man sitting on the wooden chair is old.
woodenchairoldwoman.jpg, There is a old woman sitting on a chair.
woodenchairoldwoman.jpg, There is a old woman sitting on a wooden chair.
woodenchairoldwoman.jpg, The color of the chair that the old woman is sitting on is brown.
woodenchairoldwoman.jpg, The chair that the old woman is sitting on is made out of wood.
woodenchairoldwoman.jpg, The woman sitting on the wooden chair is old.
woodenchairpair.jpg, There is a pair of brown wooden chairs.
woodenchairpair.jpg, There are two wooden chairs which are brown in colour.
woodenchairpair.jpg, The chairs are made out of wood.
woodenchairpair.jpg, The wooden chairs are brown in colour.
woodenchairpair.jpg, The chairs are brown and made out of wood.
woodenchairwoman.jpg, There is a woman sitting on a chair.
woodenchairwoman.jpg, There is a woman sitting on a wooden chair.
woodenchairwoman.jpg, The color of the chair that the woman is sitting on is brown.
woodenchairwoman.jpg, The chair that the woman is sitting on is made out of wood.
woodenchairwoman.jpg, There is a woman sitting on a brown wooden chair.
woodenchairwoman2.jpg, There is a woman sitting on a chair.
woodenchairwoman2.jpg, There is a woman sitting on a wooden chair.
woodenchairwoman2.jpg, The color of the chair that the woman is sitting on is brown.
woodenchairwoman2.jpg, The chair that the woman is sitting on is made out of wood.
woodenchairwoman2.jpg, There is a woman sitting on a brown wooden chair.
sofa.jpg, There is a white sofa.
sofa.jpg, The sofa is white in colour.
sofa.jpg, There is a sofa.
sofa.jpg, There is a sofa that is white in colour.
sofa.jpg, There is a white sofa present in the room.
sofaset.jpg, There is a pair of sofas.
sofaset.jpg, There are two sofas.
sofaset.jpg, There is a grey sofa and a brown sofa.
sofaset.jpg, There is a sofa that is grey in colour and a sofa that is brown in colour.
sofaset.jpg, There are sofas in two different colours, brown and grey.
sofaboy.jpg, There is a young boy sitting on a grey sofa.
sofaboy.jpg, The sofa that the boy is sitting on is grey in colour.
sofaboy.jpg, There is a boy sitting on a sofa.
sofaboy.jpg, There is a yellow pillow behing the young boy sitting on the white sofa.
sofaboy.jpg, There is a pillow behind the boy sitting on the sofa.
sofagirl.jpg, There is a young girl sitting on a cream sofa.
sofagirl.jpg, The sofa that the young girl is sitting on is cream in colour.
sofagirl.jpg, There is a girl sitting on a sofa.
sofagirl.jpg, The young girl sitting on the sofa is wearing a white shirt.
sofagirl.jpg, There are two pillows on the cream sofa.
sofaman.jpg, There is a man sitting on the grey sofa.
sofaman.jpg, The sofa that the man is sitting on is grey in colour.
sofaman.jpg, There is a man sitting on a sofa.
sofaman.jpg, There are 5 grey pillows on the grey sofa.
sofaman.jpg, There are pillows on the sofa.
sofaman2.jpg, There is a man sitting on the grey sofa.
sofaman2.jpg, The sofa that the man is sitting on is grey in colour.
sofaman2.jpg, There is a man sitting on a sofa.
sofaman2.jpg, There are 2 grey pillows on the grey sofa.
sofaman2.jpg, There are pillows on the sofa.
sofaoldman.jpg, There is an old man sitting on the grey sofa.
sofaoldman.jpg, The sofa that the old man is sitting on is grey in colour.
sofaoldman.jpg, The man sitting on the grey sofa is old.
sofaoldman.jpg, There is one yellow pillows on the grey sofa.
sofaoldman.jpg, Thereis one pillow on the sofa.
sofaoldwoman.jpg, There is a old woman sitting on the blue sofa.
sofaoldwoman.jpg, The sofa that the old woman is sitting on is blue in colour.
sofaoldwoman.jpg, The woman sitting on the blue sofa is old.
sofaoldwoman.jpg, There is one blue pillow on the blue sofa.
sofaoldwoman.jpg, There is a pillow on the sofa.
sofawoman.jpg, There is a woman sitting on the grey sofa.
sofawoman.jpg, The sofa that the woman is sitting on is grey in colour.
sofawoman.jpg, The woman sitting on the grey sofa is wearing a yellow top.
sofawoman.jpg, There are 2 yellow pillows on the grey sofa.
sofawoman.jpg, The woman is sitting with laptop on the sofa.
sofawoman2.jpg, There is a woman sitting on the white sofa.
sofawoman2.jpg, The sofa that the woman is sitting on is white in colour.
sofawoman2.jpg, The woman sitting on the grey sofa is wearing a yellow top.
sofawoman2.jpg, There are 2 white pillows on the white sofa.
sofawoman2.jpg, The woman is sitting with a white pillow on the sofa.














