image,caption
gun.jpeg, A black gun is placed here.
gun.jpeg, Handgun lying on the table, metallic body with signs of oxidation.
gun.jpeg, Focus on the gun it's a dangerous object.
gun.jpeg, gun is used for crime generally.
gun.jpeg, A Small Gun will bullet casing on a red table.
types.jpeg, An AK-47 rests on a weathered wooden table.
types.jpeg, A powerful image of an assault rifle, its deadly potential momentarily forgotten.
types.jpeg, An assault gun is placed here with several bullet casing.
types.jpeg, M-14 Rifle is placed on a brown table.
types.jpeg, Deadly rifles mostly used for wars with large ammunition.
shooting.jpeg, A man trying to practise shooting with gun.
shooting.jpeg, He is wearing blue googles to improve his shooting skills with his rifle.
shooting.jpeg, A man with black hair trying to shoot his target in a deadly dessert with gun.
shooting.jpeg, He is using ear plug to protect his ears from sound of the bullet.
shooting.jpeg, A black gun is used to hit two simultaenous target here.
man_pointing_gun.jpeg, A man trying to harm himself with a very olg gun.
man_pointing_gun.jpeg, He is trying to pull the trigger of his pistol.
man_pointing_gun.jpeg, A man resting gun on his forehead.
man_pointing_gun.jpeg, A man with black hair trying to commit suicide by shooting himself with this black gun.
man_pointing_gun.jpeg, Man trying to kill himself with a old revolver.
oympics.jpeg, Teams competing against each other with rifles.
oympics.jpeg, 5 men from different nations shooting with their large rifles.
oympics.jpeg, They are targeting objects to shoot with their large guns.
oympics.jpeg, Properly equipped with gears and competing in olympics with medal in a Gun-shooting event.
oympics.jpeg, Their data is being monitored consistenly by a sensor in front of them to get theit shooting gun accuracy with rifles.
attack.jpeg, A woman is being attacked by a gun.
attack.jpeg, A woman wearing gray sweater look tensed while someone is trying to rob her car with gun.
attack.jpeg, A person wearing black hoodie trying to steal a car from a women with a gun.
attack.jpeg, A woman is coming out of her car when a person point his gun to her.
attack.jpeg, She is trying to run away when a person with black gun comes up.
police_gun.jpeg, A police man working on his duty to prevent a tragedy.
police_gun.jpeg, A police man with mask and his gun on his duty at a public place.
police_gun.jpeg, It look like a group of officers are helping local people in a house and are carrying gun for thier security.
police_gun.jpeg, An old men with his gun on his duty to guard people.
police_gun.jpeg, Polce man with black gun in a gathering to assist them.
protect.jpeg, A man peeking from his window with a gun on his hand.
protect.jpeg, He is wearing a gray hoodie with gun on his hand.
protect.jpeg, Trying to peek outside his house from sliding curtain with a black gun in his hand.
protect.jpeg, Man with black hair trying to check outside his home from curtains with a gun to protect himself.
protect.jpeg, Man checking his neighbourhood to feel safe use gun for his security.
robber.jpeg, A young man in gray sweater aiming at a person with his gun.
robber.jpeg, Young muscular man trying to rob from a skinny boy.
robber.jpeg, Man with green shirt looks afraid with his hands raised trying to protect himself from his black gun.
robber.jpeg, Man looks pretty confident while trying to shoot another man with his pistols.
robber.jpeg, A man trying to steals money from a young boy besides a brown wall with his gun.
childlearning.jpeg, A young man teaching a young boy to shoot from a rifle.
childlearning.jpeg, A man wearing balck shirt helping boy with aiming from his rifle.
childlearning.jpeg, A young boy trying to shoot an objects get assisted by a man with black beard to shoot.
childlearning.jpeg, Boy with black shirt aiming at a object to shoot from his rifle in a public gathering.
childlearning.jpeg, Boy is being trained by a young men to improve his shooting skills.
